README.md, before:

Red Wagon
===========
[![License MIT](http://img.shields.io/npm/l/devtools.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/freepeople/dev-toolbox/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![devDependency Status](http://img.shields.io/david/dev/freepeople/dev-toolbox.svg?style=flat)](https://david-dm.org/freepeople/dev-toolbox#info=devDependencies)

A set of tools for internal use, either from [npm](https://www.npmjs.org/) or [home-grown](https://github.com/freepeople/home-grown)

![red-wagon](image/wagon.png)

Current Tools in the Wagon
========================
Below is the set of tools currently being explored

    node_modules
    ├── browserify
    ├── domtastic
    ├── gulp
    ├── hapi
    ├── lodash-node
    ├── nodemon
    ├── q
    ├── rivets
    ├── socket.io
    ├── store
    ├── tape
    └── testling

+ __Browserify__ requiring modules in the browser the node way.
+ __Domtastic__ small set of methods for DOM manipulation and traversal.
+ __Gulp__ javascript build tool using streams.
+ __Hapi__ http server framework, no middle-ware no problem :)
+ __Lodash-node__ require what you need, for collections, functions, objects, arrays, and other utils.
+ __Nodemon__ watches any files and reloads server, install it globally `npm install -g nodemon`
+ __Q__ promise library.
+ __Rivets__ Declarative data binding + templating solution.
+ __Socket.io__ for real time messaging.
+ __Store__ Cross browser localstorage wrapper.
+ __Tape__ minimal test harness for node and browser.
+ __Testling__ running testing in a headless browser, can be installed globally.




Goals
=====
+ Great set of tools
+ Ease of use
+ Minimal dependencies 
+ Either maintained internally or actively maintained by package author/contribs


How to Use
==========

###Step 1

Make sure you have `node` installed `node -v` otherwise install it

Either from the [site](http://nodejs.org/) or `brew install node` comes with `npm` the package manager.

###Step 2

Grab that `package.json` and then:

`npm install`

Yup its that simple :)

Commit message:

changed q to when and added rest, todo need to update store for storage

README.md, after:

Red Wagon
===========
[![License MIT](http://img.shields.io/npm/l/devtools.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/freepeople/dev-toolbox/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![devDependency Status](http://img.shields.io/david/dev/freepeople/dev-toolbox.svg?style=flat)](https://david-dm.org/freepeople/dev-toolbox#info=devDependencies)

A set of tools for internal use, either from [npm](https://www.npmjs.org/) or [home-grown](https://github.com/freepeople/home-grown)

![red-wagon](image/wagon.png)

Current Tools in the Wagon
========================
Below is the set of tools currently being explored

    node_modules
    ├── browserify
    ├── domtastic
    ├── gulp
    ├── hapi
    ├── lodash-node
    ├── rest
    ├── nodemon
    ├── rivets
    ├── socket.io
    ├── store
    ├── tape
    ├── testling
    └── when

+ [__Browserify__](https://www.npmjs.org/package/browserify) requiring modules in the browser the node way.
+ [__Domtastic__](https://www.npmjs.org/package/domtastic) small set of methods for DOM manipulation and traversal.
+ [__Gulp__](https://www.npmjs.org/package/gulp) javascript build tool using streams.
+ [__Hapi__](https://www.npmjs.org/package/hapi) http server framework, no middle-ware no problem :)
+ [__Lodash-node__](https://www.npmjs.org/package/lodash-node) require what you need, for collections, functions, objects, arrays, and other utils.
+ [__Rest__](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rest)  RESTful HTTP client library, isomorphic module for node & client
+ [__Nodemon__](https://www.npmjs.org/package/nodemon) watches any files and reloads server, install it globally `npm install -g nodemon`
+ [__Rivets__](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rivets) Declarative data binding + templating solution.
+ [__Socket.io__](https://www.npmjs.org/package/socket.io) for real time messaging.
+ [__Store__](https://www.npmjs.org/package/store) Cross browser localstorage wrapper.
+ [__Tape__](https://www.npmjs.org/package/tape) minimal test harness for node and browser.
+ [__Testling__](https://www.npmjs.org/package/testling) running testing in a headless browser, can be installed globally.
+ [__When__](https://www.npmjs.org/package/when) A lightweight Promises/A+ module & async utils.




Goals
=====
+ Great set of tools
+ Ease of use
+ Minimal dependencies 
+ Either maintained internally or actively maintained by package author/contribs


How to Use
==========

###Step 1

Make sure you have `node` installed `node -v` otherwise install it

Either from the [site](http://nodejs.org/) or `brew install node` comes with `npm` the package manager.

###Step 2

Grab that `package.json` and then:

`npm install`

Yup its that simple :)
